Add compilation docs (#37)
muon-spectroscopy-computational-project/muspinsim: docs/docs/installation.md

After this you should obtain the source from GitHub in one of two ways. If you have
`git` installed and are familiar with its use you can simply clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/muon-spectroscopy-computational-project/muspinsim.git
```

Otherwise, you can download it as a 
[zip file](https://github.com/muon-spectroscopy-computational-project/muspinsim/archive/main.zip)
and unzip it in a folder of your choice.

To install the downloaded source, navigate to the parent directory in your
terminal. If you don't know how to do it,
[here's a handy guide for Linux and MacOS](http://linuxcommand.org/lc3_lts0020.php)
and [here's one for Windows](http://dosprompt.info/basics.asp), which has a 
different syntax. 

Once you are in the directory *above* the unzipped/cloned package, you can run:

```bash
pip install ./{package} --user
```

where `{package}` represents the name of the directory where you unzipped/cloned
the package. In your case, if you didn't rename the unzipped directory, it should be:

```bash
pip install ./muspinsim --user
```

##### Compiling with OpenMP

> To compile with OpenMP to allow parallelisation you can assign the environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If installing using `pip` or `conda`, then parallesisation with OpenMP will be enabled. If 
compiling from source, to allow parallelisation you can assign the environment variable
```

Think it might benefit from being clear about whether parallelism is enabled in the pip/conda versions, since we don't explicitly state it anywhere (also I'm assuming based on the other PR it is/will be, but correct this if it won't be).

    ```bash
    pip install ./muspinsim --user
    ```

> > **For developers:** You may also use `python setup.py --with-openmp build_ext --inplace` to compile the source with OpenMP while developing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note "For developers"
    You may also use `python setup.py --with-openmp build_ext --inplace` to compile the source with OpenMP while developing.
```

I think this is good, just wondering if we should use admonition here as well? It's a new tool to me so feel free to ignore or use a different type (chose `note` as it gives a different colour to `important` above)

Author: @patrick-austin We certainly could, the only reason I didn't was because I wasn't sure about using them on the theory pages where they would look like
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90245114/212896722-ac5fec4c-b5c2-4fa2-be66-09e09b1ce8b3.png)
I thought it made them seem clearer which may not be the desired effect if its only for developers but I am happy to change all of them, what do you think?

Reviewer: I see your point about highlighting information that is likely not to be relevant for most users - in which case let's leave it as is. As long as it's a consistent approach I'm happy.
